[Kaylie] Previously on
Make It Or Break It:
You literally
cannot afford to share
the spotlight with this girl.
The only way to get her off the
team is to expose her anorexia.
I wanted to give you this.
It's your journal.
I took it.
You are a horrible human being.
[sobbing]
You're drunk,
I'm taking you home.
- You're gay.
- No.
- You just like to kiss guys.
- And girls.
[Ellen] I was presented with
clear evidence of inappropriate
conduct.
Here it is.
Did you have anything to do with
sending that training camp video
to Ellen Beals?
I did.
I don't want anything
to do with your father
or with you
ever again.
- You OK?
- Can we get out of here?
Lauren, stop!
- [tires screeching]
- Whoa!
[glass shattering]
Excuse me, I got a call
about Lauren Tanner.
She was in a car accident.
I'll be right with you.
- Are you her mother?
- What?
Uh, Miss Tanner said
her mother was coming.
Is she all right?
You're here!
Your daughter's very lucky.
Most people don't walk
away from a collision like that
with just a few bruises.
Unfortunately her friend
wasn't as lucky.
Max was with me.
He has a concussion and
a fractured collar bone.
We're going to keep him
overnight but Lauren
is free to go.
- I'll just get her paperwork.
- Thank you.
- Lauren, where's your father?
- I had them call you first.
It was so awful!
I took my eyes away from the
road for a second and then BAM!
This huge SUV came
out of nowhere.
I thought I was going to die!
You should see my car,
it's practically totaled
and the other guy
just walked away.
Not a scratch.
Lauren, why did you tell
them I'm your mother?
Because I wanted you to come.
I need you.
I called Sasha.
Did you tell him
about the video?
You can't tell him, Summer.
He can't find out it was me.
I need to go to Worlds.
It's the most
important event...
What the hell did you do?
I'm so sorry, Sasha. I didn't
mean to hurt you... or anyone.
How could you do
something so stupid?
What are you talking about?
I'm talking about you getting
into a car with a boy
the night before we
leave to go to Worlds
and driving like
a reckless teenager.
I'm sorry,
I made a mistake.
[Sasha] You don't get to make
mistakes that risk your life.
I didn't invest all this time
in you to have you throw it away
with
impulsive, selfish behavior!
I don't know what to say.
You can tell me you'll
never disappoint me again.
Because one more strike
and you are out.
Do you understand me?
I understand.
You didn't tell him.
No. I didn't tell him because
you're going to tell him.
What? Why are you
doing this to me?
You're gonna tell him.
Before Worlds are over.
And I suggest you do it
sooner than later.
- Is she OK?
- Can she compete?
Yes. And yes.
So go home, get some rest.
We have a long flight tomorrow.
- We just want to see her.
- And then we'll go straight
home.
Well, see that you do.
Hey, what are you doing here?
What are you doing here?
Lauren was in a car accident.
- So was Max.
- [Lauren] We were together.
Oh, thank God you're OK.
Who was driving?
Not Max, I hope.
He was drunk.
I was driving.
And he wasn't that drunk.
What were you doing?
What do you think we were doing?
We were going some
place we could be alone.
- Is he OK?
- His collarbone is broken.
Great. So he's not
going to Worlds.
Nice going, Lauren.
[woman] Excuse me.
Are you the young woman who
was brought in with Max Spencer?
That's me.
He's sedated, but I think
he's asking for you.
I'm sure he is.
Be right back.
You heard the nurse,
he's sedated.
He doesn't know
what he's saying.
I should probably find his
doctor, see what's really up.
- I am such an idiot.
- No, you aren't.
- I told Max I loved him.
- Whoa. When?
At the party.
It just...it just popped out.
And what did he say?
Nada. God, I feel
so embarrassed.
Just because he didn't say
"I love you" back
doesn't mean he doesn't feel it.
He apparently left the party
to have sex with Lauren.
Who feels the need to
rub that fact in my face
the night before we leave for
the biggest meet of our lives.
What are you doing here?
Checking on my teammate.
Like you.
- Isn't that what teammates do?
- Cut the crap.
You're not fooling anyone.
Is Lauren OK?
Like you care.
Aren't you the one who said
we should give her a break?
I made a mistake.
She doesn't care about
anybody but herself.
Well, then she apparently
fits in perfectly around here.
I've gotta call my mom.
Look, I could've done a lot
of things with that journal.
But I gave it back.
Because I wanted a friend.
Because I wanted to be
part of a team.
You stole my most
intimate possession.
You will never be my friend.
[scoffs]
Fine.
If that's the way
you want it,
we'll go back to
everyone out for themselves.
That's where I shine anyway.
Good luck in Rio,
Kaylie.
[heart monitor beeping]
I'm right here, honey.
What is it?
What can I do?
[gasping]
Thank you for coming...
I'm sorry...
I'd never hurt you...
[gasping]
Payson.
[theme music]
Mom, have you seen
my big duffle?
Pay! We leave for
the airport in three hours.
You've been working to go to
Worlds your whole life
and you haven't even
started packing?
Can you just spare me
the lecture
and point me in the
direction of the duffle.
What's wrong, honey?
You're not feeling the pressure
of taking the endorsement, are
you?
No. I know you and Dad still
fine.weird about it but I'm
I'm going to kill it at
Worlds, end of story.
You don't look fine.
You look like you're
about to burst.
Why don't you check in
with one of the girls
and get a little pep talk?
Thank you, no.
What about Max?
Why don't you give him a call?
I do not need to talk to Max.
- Mornin', sweetie.
- Morning.
Becca's still disappointed she's
not going with us to Brazil.
Oh, well, frankly, it's a
luxury that we both get to go.
The Rock is paying most of my
way but yours cost a big chunk
of Payson's $25,000 advance.
That's what it was for, right?
That, and paying our
back bills and our mortgage.
Yeah, I just can't believe
it's almost all gone.
Along with Payson's college
scholarship eligibility.
I thought that we agreed that
we'd put our faith in Payson
and faith that she would
do well at Worlds,
earning her bonus,
which is more than enough
to pay for her
college education.
We don't know if she would've
gotten a scholarship, anyway,
right?
You're right.
And I do have faith in Payson.
- [doorbell rings]
- Will you grab that, Kay?
Yep.
Hi. Come in.
Please.
I just wanted to check in on
the new US Team Captain.
- Good morning, Marcus.
- Good morning, how are you?
Good, thanks.
How ya feeling, Kaylie?
I feel great.
Ready to go.
You know, we've been getting
unprecedented interview requests
for Kaylie from
the foreign press in Rio.
She's a star.
[Marcus] They're going to ask
Trialsout your fall at World's
and your subsequent absence.
So, do you know what
you'll tell them?
I injured my ACL.
It's healed and
I'm ready to go.
You understand why we can't
mention the eating disorder.
And this strategy isn't
just for us, it's for you.
Your scores would go down
because you'd be perceived
as weak.
Yeah, that's the funny thing,
because my recovery
has actually
made me a stronger person...
...and I'm sure
as a gymnast as well.
Yeah, but it wouldn't
just affect your scores.
You're the captain.
See, you need to think of
how your whole team
would be perceived.
We need to keep the focus on
how strong this team is;
how strong its captain is.
I won't let the team down.
You can count on me.
[Salsa music]
[reporter] Genji, over here!
[reporters chattering
indistinctly]
[reporter] Ivanka! Ivanka!
[female reporter] Do you feel
the Americans are a threat?
Every scenario predicts a
three-way race between China,
Russia and the United States.
And every scenario
predicts we finish third.
Every scenario but mine.
We're not here to give sound
bites, we are here to win.
March up these stairs
like warriors,
and enter that arena as a team.
Speak to no one.
I'll see you inside
after I get our credentials.
Kaylie?
- Payson, how do you feel?
- Kaylie, how's your ACL?
[reporters interjecting]
[reporter] Ivanka,
any challenge for you here
other than Genji Cho?
I do not think Genji
is a challenge for me.
This is Russia's year to shine,
with me at the helm.
Let's not forget who the
reigning World Champ is.
And I plan on beating
both Ivanka and Genji Cho.
But we each have our strengths,
and on beam?
Ivanka, Genji, Kelly, watch out.
- This is my year.
- Kaylie, bienvenida. Nice work.
I promised the Spanish-language
press a few words.
Kaylie, it's good to see you
back from your surgery.
On your ACL?
Oh, right, um... Yeah, I
actually didn't have surgery.
I rested.
[stammering]
There was physical therapy.
But, um, mostly, I rested.
[reporters interjecting]
[reporter] Payson, Kaylie says
the US Team is strong and
united. Is that true?
[reporter 2] Payson, is this
team tight enough to take on
China or Russia?
Yeah, I just went shopping.
I'm back at the hotel now.
All right, Dad.
Talk to you later, bye.
[phone beeps]
Kaylie, I thought we
had this down.
You were like a deer in the
headlights with those reporters.
[sighing] I know. I'm sorry.
I've got it.
I don't think you do. This is
a huge year for you, Kaylie,
and a huge year
for USA gymnastics.
We can't afford a scandal.
What are you saying?
I'm saying, I don't
want you talking to the press.
- At all.
- Fine.
The whole team is
depending on you.
Your rooms will be ready soon.
Please enjoy these
complimentary piña coladas.
- Thank you.
This is the nicest hotel
we've ever been to...
...in our lives,
on Payson's dime.
But Payson wanted us here.
We're not on vacation.
We're here to support her
in her dream, like we always do.
I forgot to ask.
Would you like to
book a couples massage?
No. And here,
take these back.
What's the matter?
Are we really supporting her?
Or are we selling her dream
to pay some bills?
We did need that money, Kim.
And we do believe in her.
And not just us,
Healthy Bar does too.
If Healthy Bar believed
in her so much,
why are they only
throwing out $25,000
until they see how she does?
They're not sure
about her, Mark.
They're not.
We may have just
thrown it all away...
You are the Keelers.
I thought I'd find you tomorrow,
but look, you're right here.
- And you are?
- Katerina Paynich.
Stanford University.
Listen, I know that girls
who are on the Olympic path
postpone college.
Ordinarily, I wouldn't
recruit an athlete at Worlds.
[stammering]
Recruit?
Yes. I'm here to
recruit Payson Keeler
for a Stanford
scholarship.
Oh, God.
I just want you to know,
if Payson isn't quite
up to the Olympics,
with her injury and all,
she might have
a place at Stanford
on our team,
on scholarship.
Something to
think about.
Oh God.
Oh God. Oh God.
It's OK, honey.
It's OK.
Is it?
Stanford University is
here to recruit Payson
with a scholarship we can't
take because we took $25,000
to pay some bills
and our mortgage.
[announcer] Now's your chance
to meet Mr. Kobalt himself,
Olympic gold medalist,
Austin Tucker.
wearing the new summer line
of Kobalt sunglasses.
[reporter] Austin!
Over here! Austin!
Are you ready for Worlds?
Do I look ready?
I've still got a few days.
The men don't compete
until the women are done.
What about training?
This is it, chief.
I only make
it look easy.
[female reporter] What can you
tell us about your love life?
You have a girlfriend?
If I had a girlfriend
could I do this?
Sorry, ladies.
Gotta run.
Kaylie.
- Kaylie!
- Who are you?
At the moment,
I'm... Mr. Kobalt.
No, at the moment
you're an ass.
Mr. Ass.
What happened to that nice guy
that I danced with in Boulder?
The guy who
made me think that I...
That you're special?
That I care about you?
I'm right here.
This Mr. Kobalt stuff?
It's an act.
- It sells sunglasses.
- It's pathetic.
My whole image is built on this,
Kaylie. My professional image.
Well, if being a fake
is what it takes,
then I'd rather
be poor.
Says the rich girl.
Look, I'm not judging you
but you're letting the whole
world think that you've been out
with an ACL injury.
So don't act like I'm
the only fake around here.
We all have to do
what we have to do.
[samba music playing]
[crowd cheering]
[announcer]
Ladies and gentlemen,
welcome to the Gymnastics
Championship of the World!
[heroic music playing]
Please welcome the teams
representing today's
competing nations.
The team from France.
The team from Spain.
The team from the
United States of America.
The team from Sweden.
The team from Russia.
The team from Brazil.
[sportscaster] Good afternoon,
everyone, and welcome to
Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
I'm Danny Crowle.
And joining me today
Olympic gold medalists
and gymnastics legends
Nadia Comaneci
and Bart Conner.
So, what can we expect from
today's qualifying competition?
Well, the biggest challenge for
the US in the qualifying round
today will be Russia.
Their star, Ivanka,
is one of the most exciting
gymnasts we've seen
since Genji Cho.
And, speaking of Cho, Nadia,
we're not going to see China
or Genji Cho today.
That's right. China is competing
in tomorrow's qualifying round,
so we won't see them go
head to head until the Finals.
[Danny] The big question
for the US: Can they win the
team gold?
[Bart] Well, they're
a great team,
there's no question about it.
But I fully expect to see
China and Russia
competing for
the gold in the Finals.
[Nadia] But the US could
definitely be in the mix for the
bronze.
[Danny] And of course,
that's in the Finals.
But, first, they have
to make it through the
qualifying round today.
Bart, tell us how that works.
Twenty-two teams compete today,
and 22 tomorrow.
The top four from each day
advance to the Finals.
[announcer] On beam, from
the United States of America,
Lauren Tanner
You are technically as good
or better than any gymnast
out here.
The judges need to see that.
So, let them.
No flourishes.
No embellishments.
Just keep it simple.
Like we've practiced.
- But, they've beaten me before.
- Short memory, Lauren.
Forget it.
Put it behind you.
[Sasha] We don't need
all of your sass today,
just do the routine flawlessly.
Show them you're serious.
Trust me.
[crowd cheering]
[Danny] We're told that
Coach Belov has added some
new combinations
to Lauren's routine to
increase its point value.
[Bart] No doubt in response
to recent losses
to both Ivanka and Genji Cho.
[Danny] Lauren always brings
a lot of sizzle and personality
to her routines.
[Bart] That's why she's called
the "Queen of the Beam."
This is gonna be
very entertaining.
[Nadia] Oops, a little
balance check here.
This is going to cost her
three-tenth deduction.
Come on, Lauren.
You've got this.
[Nadia] I'm surprised. I didn't
expect that from Lauren at all.
[Bart] You're right.
No sparkle. No sass.
Just a very
lackluster performance
riddled with small mistakes.
[Sasha] OK. No harm.
[announcer] From Russia,
Ivanka Kirilenko.
[Danny] Wow. Ivanka.
It's hard to imagine anyone
doing better than that.
Stunning.
Just flawless.
[Danny] So, after one rotation,
Russia is in the first position,
Spain second, and the US third.
There's no reason
to get discouraged.
We're in a good position and
still have three rotations left.
Vault's up next.
You should've
let me do it my way.
[Announcer] On vault, from the
United States of America, Kaylie
Cruz.
Good luck, you'll do great.
You know what? Stop pretending
you're a team player.
You're not.
[Danny] Here's Kaylie Cruz,
reigning US Champion.
It's been awhile since
we've seen her compete.
That's right. She injured her
ACL at the World Trials.
[Danny] Nadia, what impact
could that have on her vault?
[Nadia] Well,
we are about to see.
[Danny] Oh, a big step
on the landing.
[Nadia] Also not centered.
That's going to cost her
an eight-tenth deduction.
[Bart] And this is the only
apparatus on which she's
competing today.
Coach Belov has to be
expecting more from her.
It's OK, Kaylie. Relax.
You'll get it this time, OK?
C'mon, Kaylie,
you've got this!
[Kelly] You've got this!
[Bart] Oh, that's not
the vault she intended.
[Nadia] That one-and-a-half
twist
was supposed to be
a two-and-a-half twist.
That's going to cost Kaylie
one point too.
[Danny] And so,
after two rotations
Team USA has dropped
into fourth place.
[Bart] Wow. They can't
afford to drop any lower.
Not if they hope
to qualify for the Finals.
And, meanwhile,
Ivanka and the Russian Team
maintains its
commanding lead.
[cheering]
[announcer] On floor,
from the United States
of America, Payson Keeler!
[Danny] A year ago
many people believed
that Payson Keeler
was poised to become the
top gymnast in the U.S.
Then, tragedy.
A broken back.
- She's gonna do great.
- [woman] Healthy Bar loves her.
[Danny] Today we'll see
if she can complete
a full comeback.
[classical music plays]
Something's wrong.
She doesn't look like herself.
[Nadia] She needed more height
to complete that move.
She'll get a three-tenth
deduction for that.
[Bart] This is not
the performance that
the US Team needed here.
They could be finished.
We did this, Mark.
She's not herself.
We're the worst parents
on the planet.
[Danny] So,
after three rotations,
the US finds itself
in sixth place.
Bart, they're gonna have to be
flawless in that final rotation.
As well as perhaps
a little bit lucky.
In order to make the top four
and make the Finals,
they need Japan and Brazil,
currently in fourth
and fifth positions,
to stumble badly.
I don't care
if you like her.
I don't even care
if you hate her.
But as long as Kelly Parker
is on this team
you will damn well
support her.
So stop acting like
a bloody prom queen
and start acting
like a team captain.
Our whole future
is on the line.
He's right.
We're almost out.
[announcer] On uneven bars,
from the United States
of America, Kelly Parker!
You can do this, Kelly!
C'mon, you got it!
- You've got this, Kelly!
- You can do it, Kelly!
- Come on, Kelly!
- Whoo!
- Get it, girl.
[up-tempo music plays]
- [cheering]
- Nice!
[Danny] As incredible
as it sounds,
that performance
by Kelly Parker
has just moved
the US Team into fourth place!
[Bart] By the skin
of their teeth, they
move in to the Finals.
But Coach Belov can't
be happy with the way
his team performed today.
Hi, can I please
get room service?
No. Hang that up,
and sit down.
No food. No phones.
Nothing,
until you figure out
what happened today.
- Well, I think that we just...
- [Sasha] Don't tell me.
Tell each other.
The four of you might have
tossed your careers away today.
And you have each other
to thank for that.
So go on, share.
We made the Finals.
Why are you punishing us?
You barely made the Finals
and you're not fit to carry
the sweats of China or Russia.
You failed because you
couldn't work as a team.
And you're not leaving
this room until you can.
How?
That's for you to figure out.
OK, we all know
we sucked today.
Speak for yourself.
I saved all of you.
- You should be thanking me.
- The question is why.
I almost died in a car accident,
my boyfriend just got
out of the hospital,
Sasha took away my sizzle.
Hate me. Can we go now?
- I should've been captain.
- You know you don't deserve it.
Do you wanna tell them,
or should I?
She stole my journal.
I gave it back,
and I apologized,
but apparently
that counts for nothing.
Makes you wonder why
anyone would bother
to apologize for anything.
You Rock Girls always think
you're better than everyone.
And some of us think that
we can just take whatever
and whoever we want.
Look, I called dibs on Max
and you said it was OK.
- Well, maybe it wasn't.
- Wow.
Great job leading the team,
Captain Cruz.
Shut up.
And I never even
wanted to be captain!
- Then why are you?
- Because they
named me captain...
What were you doing
with him in the car anyways?
[overlapping]
You know what? I'll be the
first to say it. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry I let myself become
an airhead like you three.
I let a boy get to my head
and mess with my game.
Aha. You do like Max.
Little Miss holier than thou.
You know what?
I'm sorry, too.
Sorry that you can't
handle boys and I can.
Oh, by handle, you mean
prance around in your underwear?
Just stop.
You know, on my last rotation,
I knew you were fake-cheering
for me,
but it felt good, anyway.
I used to watch you guys
cheer each other on
and I was jealous.
You were a real team
and I secretly wanted that.
Until now, until hearing you
guys tear each other down.
You're all even
bigger fakes than I am.
She's right.
Kelly Parker,
of all people, is right.
What if it's over?
Everything we've hoped for,
dreamed about...
How could we let petty things
bring us down?
But it's not.
It's not all petty.
I talked my parents
into going against everything,
everything that
they stood for.
I told them
that it was OK for us
to sign away my eligibility.
I promised them
it would be OK.
God, they have to be
so wrecked right now.
[sobbing]
I wish my parents
would agonize about
letting me take sponsorships.
My mom sold my eligibility
away when I was nine years old.
You're lucky, Payson.
You lost your scholarship
eligibility,
but you have parents
that love you.
I know that you're pissed
at Sasha right now
for not letting you
do your sizzle your way,
but you have to trust him.
He cares about you
and believes in you.
And, as for Max,
I apologize.
You win.
You got the guy.
No. You did.
He likes you, Payson.
It's true.
Do you know at the hospital,
he called out your name?
He chose you.
Whatever. If there's
anything I've learned today,
it's that it's about team.
It's always about team.
So can we
get through this?
I don't think I can.
Kaylie, I'm so sorry
I took your journal.
I'm no better than my mom,
and you should hate me.
No. It's not that.
It's just...
[sighs] You guys are
telling all your secrets
and coming clean.
I can't.
I have a disease,
and the NGO,
they won't let me
talk about it.
And I get it, but it would
just help so much if I could.
If I could be honest, like all
of you are being right now...
- Why can't you?
- You know why.
This sport
is judged on perception.
Anorexics are considered weak.
My scores will go down
and so will all of yours,
because I'm the captain.
- But that's not fair.
- That's reality.
Don't beat yourself up
about it, Kaylie.
Some secrets
are best kept silent.
Just know that we're
right here with you.
Whatever you decide to do,
we've got your back.
Kaylie, we agreed.
No more press.
Thank you all for coming.
I'm Kaylie Cruz,
US Team Captain, and...
And we're her team,
who support
and believe
in her 100%.
I'm here because
I want to tell you all...
...I have an eating disorder.
There was never
an ACL injury.
I lied.
And it's taken me a while
to realize there's no shame
in admitting
you have a problem
or in getting help.
I have,
and I'm better.
I will always struggle
with anorexia,
but my team's
behind me.
And after going through this,
I am a better gymnast.
- [Marcus] After this?
- [Kaylie] I refuse to say
I'm not.
- They're done.
- [applause]
[woman vocalizing]
[up-tempo music]
[Danny] Team U.S.A.
On qualifying day
they appeared to be unfocused,
undisciplined and performed
without inspiration.
Yet, here they are.
[Danny] It's clear
this is a dramatically
different U.S Team today.
Energy, focus, desire.
I really like
what I'm seeing.
[Danny] The Chinese Team,
led by Genji Cho,
dominated in the
qualifying round yesterday.
Is there anyone
in today's Finals
that can keep them
from taking Team Gold?
Well, injuries can heal
and routines can be adjusted,
but at this point
I can't imagine anyone
other than the Russians
that have a prayer
of challenging
the Chinese.
The US Team will need
to be near perfect
from here on out
if they hope to win
a team medal today.
Lauren, you're up next on beam.
Now, I know you
haven't been pleased
with the way I've had you...
I have to tell
you something.
We've all been honest
with each other.
It's time that
I be honest, too.
Go on.
The video
of Payson kissing you,
I found it
in the practice cam,
and I was afraid that,
that you would take
Summer away from me,
so...
...so I sent it
to Ellen Beals.
[sobbing] It was me, Sasha.
I did it. I'm so sorry.
Please forgive me.
[announcer] On beam,
from the United States
of America,
- Lauren Tanner.
- [cheering]
The judges have seen
your technique.
Today, I want you to give
them the whole package.
Wow them.
I want everyone
in this arena
to see how magnificent
you can be.
Aren't you angry
with me?
Short memory.
Let this be
a new start for us.
I forgive you.
Is this because
you need me to win?
No. This is because
I care about you.
Because I know your life
challenges you,
and because I know
you are better than
you show yourself to be.
Lauren,
I know you have the
capacity to be a better
gymnast than you know.
But more than that?
I know you have the capacity
to be a better human being
than you know.
Now you go get them.
You show them
the Lauren sizzle.
[up-tempo music plays]
[cheering]
[Bart] I don't know what
Coach Belov told his team,
but whatever it is,
it's working!
[Danny] And with that routine,
Lauren Tanner has moved the US
into fourth place
behind China and Russia.
[Nadia] Amazing.
The US is in position
to win a team medal.
[announcer] On vault,
from United States
of America, Payson Keeler.
She's going for a clean,
simple vault.
Her best chance for
an individual medal
is on floor.
And when you do, please Pay,
make it the floor of your life.
[cheering]
[Danny] This doesn't look good.
Payson Keeler is down.
OK, talk to me.
How does it feel?
Numb.
All right, all right.
[sighs] It's not broken,
but we need a doctor to see it.
Come on.
[grunting]
- I'm benching you.
- No.
I still have one more vault.
You can barely stand.
How do you plan on
sticking the landing?
On one leg, I guess.
Look, there's no way
I'm going to be able
to compete on floor.
I have to do this, Sasha.
For my parents.
I owe them this, OK?
Please.
OK.
As your captain
and your friend,
give it all
you've got.
Today, you own the vault.
[rock music plays]
[cheering]
[Danny] I don't believe it!
Payson Keeler
sticks a one-legged landing!
[Nadia] Absolutely
the best vault in the meet.
I haven't seen
anything like that
since Kerri Strug
in the '96 Olympics.
[Danny] And that should move
the US Team past Russia
and into second place
behind China.
[announcer] On floor,
from China, Genji Cho!
[rock music plays]
[Danny] Unless the United States
can do something spectacular
it looks like China's
going home with the gold.
[Bart] With Payson Keeler
injured
I just don't think
the United States
has any answers.
I'm glad you are better,
Kaylie Cruz.
I'm putting you on floor.
Payson's ankle
isn't strong enough.
You can do this.
Not today.
I don't know why,
I just feel off.
You should use Kaylie.
She can bring it
home for us.
- You don't have to do this.
- Yes I do. For the team.
You're on fire today
and I'm not. So go.
Get it.
OK.
[announcer] Kaylie Cruz
of the United States
is substituting
for Payson Keeler
on the floor.
- [woman] Come on, Kaylie.
- [cheering]
[Danny] Just yesterday
Kaylie announced
she's been battling
an eating disorder.
Nadia, will that have any
impact on her scoring today?
[Nadia] It shouldn't,
but judges are only human.
[Bart] It's heartbreaking.
Team USA was poised
to make the comeback
of a decade.
And now?
It's hard to see it.
[mid-tempo music plays]
- Yeah!
- [cheering]
[Danny] I don't believe it.
Could that have done it?
[Bart] Could be.
The scores are being tabulated.
[all chanting] USA! USA! USA!
Oh, my God!
Team USA wins the gold!
With that performance,
the US has just pulled off
the comeback of a lifetime!
[announcer] And accepting
their gold medals,
the team from the
United States of America!
[Danny] Did you two think
we'd be seeing the US
getting the gold medal today?
[Nadia] I honestly didn't.
[Bart] It was beautiful to see
them coming together as a team.
These young ladies have been
training their whole lives,
dreaming of this moment,
and today,
their dreams came true.
["The Star-Spangled Banner"
plays]
[acoustic music plays]
I'm so proud of you, honey.
Max.
What are you doing here?
Aren't you supposed to be
in the hospital?
Are you kidding?
You think I'd miss
my Grrrl Bar client
in the most heroic
moment of the year?
Really.
Why are you here?
I'm so proud of you.
You inspire me.
I think I might be
in love with you.
- There's one more thing.
- Stop talking. I don't care.
Austin Tucker!
There isn't anything between you
and Kaylie Cruz, is there?
Oh, Mr. Kobalt doesn't
have a girlfriend, right?
Yes, yes I do.
If she'll have me.
And she and I would like
a little privacy.
Excuse me, love bird.
To our girls.